## Working Group Updates
  - Status updates (10 mins)
    - tide
      - Updates on the [route-match algorithm](https://github.com/rustasync/tide/issues/141). 
    - areweasyncyet
      - Upsuper won’t make it to the meetings because of time difference. Goals would be to add a bit automation to keep things updated. Not much plans otherwise, so suggestions are welcome.
    - arewewebyet
      - A few curation PRs to prune unmaintained crates, steady progress
      - List of all “are we xy yet” is at the MozillaWiki: https://wiki.mozilla.org/Areweyet
    - romio + juliex
      - Moving both repos to the org soon, have to find the time to do that 
    - async foundations
      - http://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/blog/2019/03/01/async-await-status-report/
      - Discord and twitter still need to be updated; time is (as always) very limited
      - In talks to schedule a regular checkin meeting wit the async foundations WG
      - asnyc foundation WG also open to have sprints
  - 6 week sprints (25 mins)
    - https://github.com/rustasync/team/issues/96
    - Helpful to define metrics (“we support X after this sprint”…)
    - After the sprint we want to have a small and well defined example app
    - The tide rewrite should have been merged 
    - Finished and stabilized the “core” (PR/issue need to define what exactly is included in the core)
    - Generally raising concerns about the direction of the WG and tide, which will be talked at another time (https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2657#issuecomment-471643874) 
    - The extractor interface change needs to happen in this sprint as well, which is a blocker for future work on the middleware
    - Another sprint goal is to come up with a websockets design
  - Issue triage ([org](https://github.com/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+archived%3Afalse+user%3Arustasync) | [tide](https://github.com/rustasync/tide/issues/))(25 mins)
    - https://github.com/rustasync/tide/issues/152
      - Logging vs Tracing: Logging prio 1
      - Solution (and talked about previously) was to use a log middleware create which just calls the log macros instead of setting up a logger
    - Moving session management (https://github.com/rustasync/tide/issues/9) to the core
    - Proposed “documentation” label 

## Office Hours
  - No office hours this week.