
## Six-Week Sprint
  - End date: 2019-05-02 (six weeks)
  - [Sprint goals](https://github.com/rustasync/team/blob/master/rfcs/0001-tide-roadmap.md)
    - Since the big revamp PR landed, people can pick up issues and working on them
    - Even if the async book is currently blocked, outlining chapters is helpful to bring book in a rough shape
    - Discussions around standardized middleware interface, work queues and non HTTP based protocols need to happen
    - Discussions around those topics should happen under the according issue to be able to track the progress
    - This sprint is more focused on “insiders”. Starting next sprint the goal is to bring more maintainers in

## Working Group Updates
  - Status updates
    - tide
      - The big [revamp](https://github.com/rustasync/tide/pull/156) is finally merged which makes the code easier to understand
      - @Aaron T cleaned up old issues; the current list is now be able to get worked on
      - The core is probably in a final state so it’s worth considering creating a new release and publishing a blog post
      - It’s also a great opportunity go get new people on board
      - Before that there still needs to be work done to make it more welcoming for newcomers to contribute
      - The open [RFC](https://github.com/rustasync/tide/issues/162) is going in this direction
      - How to handle “core”/ecosystem split, and Tide releases (see this [RFC](https://github.com/rustasync/tide/issues/162))
        - The idea is to bring crates into a tide-x namespace once they gained mass adoption to support them “officially”
        - Outlining a process helps for communication and to have a guideline
        - Another idea is to create a middleware interface which could work across frameworks
        - The deadline should be by the end of this sprint, to get people on board and momentum going
      - Planning to bump the version to 0.1.0 (without a big announcement) so people can play around with the changes
      - Start formalizing a set of core maintainers to remove blockers in the future
    - futures
      - Lots of progress is being made lately ([issue](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/59725))
      - Should be ready for stabilization in Rust 1.36 (in 6 weeks)
      - The Future crate is currently broken on nightly due to API changes (`&Waker` → `&mut Context<``'``_>` ([PR](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/59119))
    - romio + juliex
      - Open [PR](https://github.com/withoutboats/juliex/pull/13) removes double boxing
      - Another open [PR](https://github.com/withoutboats/romio/pull/83) is adjusting to upcoming futures-preview changes
    - async rust book
      - nothing happened around this topic last week (due to futures stabilization)
      - Outlining chapters to figure out how the book will look like
    - arewewebyet
      - Content updates were being made
  - Issue triage ([org](https://github.com/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+archived%3Afalse+user%3Arustasync) | [tide](https://github.com/rustasync/tide/issues/))
    - @Aaron T cleaned up a few issues so everything open should be able to get worked on