## Working Group Updates
  - Recurring meeting slot (poll)
    - Finalized to Thu 10AM-11AM CST
  - Tide issue triage
    - Initial triage on 2019-02-22 10AM - 11AM CST
    - Once initial triage is done, recurring triage will occur during the weekly meetings
  - Status updates
    - tide
      - @Aaron T submitted a new PR refactoring the internals of tide to use the new http-service crate
      - for http-service, the goals are:
        - to provide an interface that is not tied in to any particular framework or server
        - to work with futures 0.3 directly
        - to avoid generics as much as possible, to keep the type system aspects relatively easy
    - WG structure
      - `rustasync` will be the umbrella org for the rust asynchronous ecosystem with two major focuses
      - One would be the async foundations which overlaps with the compiler team and works to add async features to the languages
      - The other will be async ecosystem, which focuses on the broader async ecosystem
        - Quoting @yoshua w :
        > being about networking, the scope of the async ecosystem WG would also include bindings to platforms, reactors, thread pools, and traits to bind them together

## Office Hours
  - Web WG is growing: Can we list the core areas of the “new” WG?
  - What is the most urgent area where help is needed? Tide? Core-Crates? 
  - What other ways are there to help out except PRs?
  - What’s the timeline for the first version of Tide and how many people are currently working on it?
  - //Maybe an offtopic question: How would you position Rust/Tide vs. NodeJS and Go. What are the arguments you would tell a company/shop to use Rust/Tide instead of Node or Go?
  - Get a stable core framework up and running from which point we can start semver versioning.
  - The triage meeting happening tomorrow and the triage which will happen during the weekly meeting would be a great entry point for onboarding contributors.
- Mentorship
  - Are there any plans for providing mentorship to new contributors?
    - Similar to the previous question, the triage meetings would be a great point to start the onboarding of new contributors.
  - How would this be structured?