## Working Group Updates
  - Status updates
    - tide
      - Outcome of the triage from last Friday. 
        - Need to discuss owner structure of crates and who is able to update/publish them. 
        - Figuring out to make the whole WG as a maintainer of a crate: `cargo owner --add "github:rustasync:maintainers"`
        - Merged @Bastian G `http-service-mock` crate 
        - @V B Looked into session management (mainly Rocket, actix-web and tower-web) and how we could implement it in tide. He also looked into URL generation. Django and Flask are using a stringly typed API, which we want to avoid
      - @Sendil K proposed to be able to serve static files (issue)
  - Gaps in the ecosystem
    - [2019-02-27 Web Ecosystem Gaps](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/2019-02-27-Web-Ecosystem-Gaps--AbDiGEkEgke46uLrPDgEOn6ZAg-1DSQhREQVJYGirBelosBY) 
      - Going through the survey points. This document is a great starting point for anyone who wants to contribute to the ecosystem
      - Creating a guide like tokio doc-blitz 
      - Crates could be linked to [AreWeWebYet](http://www.arewewebyet.org/)?
      - Discussion of how to point to the next priority to work on and where to share progress. Libraries are not synced with the latest progress (like futures 0.3) and people are waiting for things to finalize and stabilize
      - Update areweasyncyet to point to which futures version is supported
      - Link areweasyncyet to async-book
      - Summary of the discussion:  “we have a consensus that for now we should't engage in building a new list, we shouldn't put out a call for implementations, but we should start making futures 0.3/1.0 projects more discoverable”
  - Async WG transition updates
    - wg-net site
    - rust-lang.org (team repo)
    - Discord channel, wg-net repo and website still need to be moved to the new org structure. @Aaron T is needed for this because of admin rights
    - Discrod channel should be under “domain working groups” in the future, but needs to be clarified. @yoshua w is coordinating it.
    - Joint meeting with async foundation wg is planned, and more check ins in the future
    - Blog post or primer on how to get involved with the group with details 
          
## Office Hours
  - Extractor or Resource download option for the tide ([PR]( https://github.com/rustasync/tide/pull/126))
    - PR is stalled, suggestion to treat static file serving as a separate concern and implement it into the middleware 